it's time for another AMSOIL Triple
Crown showdown this is the second leg of
the three-part racing series and for the
first time is being held at the Brainerd
International Raceway
once again the racers are here competing
for unbelievable cash payouts all right
jet so what do you think about the vir
hosting the answer this is pretty
exciting yeah we love it that's a good
time beautiful weather today as well all
we could ask for we pushed all the snow
together and as you can see there's a
decent base and when you get a base you
get bummed
how did this happen with the answers
with Letran coming to the BIR well it
started we had snow cross last year and
I'm trying to figure out something to do
it and brain it in the winter what
better than snowmobile racing so we've
got a couple other races this one here
is one of our main ones we're hoping to
see more snow bill in the future I think
it's great I think it's helping a lot
the extra payouts is good think it's
bringing a lot of more racers coming in
because
no things will be going good and it's a
lot more people coming out so it's
better racing better competition sledded
24/7 test rider licit on crane marsala
k-- came out to VAR to race in her first
cross-country race ever she took home
third place in the women's class Jenna
soul back finished in second place
behind Jolene Butte there is no stopping
Butte in the 120cc stock class the
infamous Tara Larson claims second place
while mat field took home the top award
of first place number 867 Bryce Buchanan
claims second place in both the semi-pro
improved and 600 classes and the snow
cross racer turned cross-country racer
Dan Ebert dominated the track all
weekend long and triumphantly took first
place in both the semi-pro improved and
600 classes we kind of had an off
weekend with our snow cross Neal
yeah brought it up and I've always kind
of wanted to run across country rates
and I was like hey you don't let's try
it you know what the heck to me the
great circuit with can lock and you sec
now it's time for the pros
that crazy Canadian Aaron Christensen
rode strong and got third place in the
pro 600 class and first place in the
open class and how did you spend a hold
up I'm pretty good I think I don't get a
closer look at her this week here I
think I'll go over wall sign gets new
parts on it but no it's pretty good
they're pretty tough to players you
can't family heard the thing this
amazing that's good that means Brian
Simon's amazed the fans and claimed the
second place position in both the Pro
Open and 600 he drove away with two
thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars
how in the world coming from snow
crosses are your first time doing cross
country how in the world did you end up
in second I don't know it's just I just
rode hard and I didn't know how to if I
had to base myself I didn't know nothing
so I just for the first half fall of DJ
because I had no clue what to do is so I
was actually steeple he called right
away he was super pumped but I finished
second so that was cool
shariq all see right now on Franco soon
are you gonna be at the Hayward 300 or
is there a snow press race down there is
a regional next weekend but there is a
possibility over there we don't know the
current leader of the AMSOIL Triple
Crown DJ a curry
once again claimed first place in the
pro 600 class there goes another $3,000
for a curry this is my third win this
year second triple crown and a roll but
second triple crown in a row that's
crazy DJ yeah maybe I'm getting lucky
what do you think about Ryan Simon's
coming out of snow across and doing this
it's awesome like I guess I stay with
him all week so being the boys and all
the mechanics just talked him into doing
it I didn't have to talk him into mush
so Hayward 300 is coming up any
predictions
I'm just gonna finish the best I can and
take home the points make sure to tune
in next time to find out who will win
the third and final leg of the AMSOIL
Triple Crown series in Hayward Wisconsin
if you were a pro snow cross racer which
aisle would you trust to get you on the
podium AMSOIL ask DJ extra he's used it
his entire racing career and whether
you're racing your friends on the trail
or foes on the track use AMSOIL
synthetic two-stroke oils to maximize
the power and performance of your sled
interceptor gets it done on the trails
and Dominator gets it done on the
racetrack AMSOIL the first in synthetics